# Transcript - ZAOstock Standup 2026-05-19

Raw transcript, lightly cleaned. Recap: [README.md](README.md)

---

GM, GM. GM. Yeah. I gotta rock over there, Jose, but I'll see you guys soon. What's up, buddy? How's it going? Am I on time or am I late? You are perfectly on time, and no one else is here, which I expect. I'm gonna start at 10:05 every single day.

That was Jose? I'm gonna try and get him in. He just happened to pop into Discord in the last little bit, and then took the 10 minutes that I was planning on prepping to chat. I didn't tell him, so if I really wanted to I would've interrupted him. Then I was like, you should just come here and listen and join our team because you've been talking about all these other things and ways that we can tap in, and I have a perfect place where I have things now.

How's it going with you? It's going well. I am just getting myself set up, waking up. Give you a quick tour. I do have it recording, just FYI, but I'll only grab the audio, the transcript. This is the new place now, the smaller place. Trying to fix up a cheap guitar with a loose volume knob and replace the strings.

I'm excited to dive more into music with our community. That's something I've intentionally not spent time on because I want to really fully immerse myself, I don't have the bandwidth for it now. I think I've been inspired in my weekend in Rochester at GoCloud to start doing DJing properly, professionally. Learn more about it.

I have Iman's music as IP, Hurricane's music as IP, and Django's music as IP that they've essentially given me. I need to officially write a document up and have them sign it - okay, we're good on releasing this stuff. Try and play around with myself getting better at mixing music in a DJ setting. I have this grand vision of Vibe Code DJing and doing that live, starting with the streaming, but then it would be cool to do it in front of people. I have this very unique perspective that I think I could bring to being a musician.

The goal ultimately is to just promote the ZAO and all my musicians. My music style is literally just our community music, which is awesome because there's everything of every kind of type. It's an avenue I've thought of, but I didn't want to attack things that I can't - I feel overwhelmed. I need to make sure it's stable enough to scale.

DJ thing, being an artist, musician, I've seen the challenges, I've never wanted that life. It feels like using the DJ as a synthesis of the community. It's a way to abstract the music even more. My art is better as a synthesization of our community's music. I don't need to generate new music, that's not who I am, but I can really show my story through my friends' music.

It seems fractal to me. It's very on brand with the ethos. I also want to showcase to musicians how I think you guys could have done it, all the things I was suggesting and wanting people to do, specifically Django. Every musician I've talked to. I have this grand vision that every musician could do, but it's hard to show it without just doing it. So now I'm gonna do it as a DJ, showcase how we can take over Web2 with Web3. I'm gonna be able to do crypto giveaways mid-DJ set. That's the ultimate goal, and still do the streaming thing while we're live. I can always do a WaveWarZ battle of music while we're doing all of this. The goal is also to show the tools in a presentation format, but using the presentation as being a DJ. A different media for presenting educational information in a musical way.

I have stuff I want to talk about - GameStop, Zoroastrianism, some of these other abstract concepts. Someone suggested a while ago that they have these Zoroastrian hymns, that music can be a really great cultural movement, and a lot of young people in Zoroastrianism don't know how to align with scripture. Someone suggested, is there a way we can do some of these pieces of scripture in some sort of musical context. That's something I'd never thought about before. That is something I could very much create as value for this generation.

[Jose] I like spirituality and music as a way to learn from each other about the eye that each one of us has. It's offering the window of perspective for all of us, but also for the audience of that specific religion. In my sense, I'm doing Huottoja music for the Huottoja community, and the audience directly is these indigenous communities that need and want to preserve their language for them and their kids. It has the second window, the intercultural exchange aspect of it.

It is 10:06. I see DFresh joined in. I'll give a quick hello, then get started. [DFresh] I got a bunch of stuff I want to one-on-one with you about at some point this week. Just hit me up with a schedule once we're done chatting. I do have to run as soon as possible, my work situation, six more weeks I think. In six weeks I have a timeline, a good plan for transitioning. I'm also about to meet with the nonprofit I've been working with. I have the time set for 10:30 on a Tuesday, so I'm gonna do our meeting, keep all the people in the meeting, bring that physically over to the spot, and talk to all these people on a recording with our team in the background, being able to add in anything necessary.

I have a print painter coming up today, another person IRL who's DGen heavy who can help me with the DGen side, the Solana people, as well as an artist here locally who has a place.

I'm gonna get started. This was created by Iman. Iman's been the ZAO intern for an unknown amount of time now, and probably for a continuously unknown amount of time. He's building the ZAO Devs and Wave 4 Zambia. To be honest I very briefly looked over this. I'm gonna run through some of the things I want to talk about, have anyone share questions, and then rock out pretty quickly.

I have a bunch of people I want to add to the team and more documentation I'm gonna do this week, but I have a thing I'm launching that I want to get out tomorrow that'll bring a lot of attention towards this. It's called The Z of All Games. It's basically a build-a-thon, a hackathon of sorts, but also streamer games kind of all in one. The month of June is gonna be a bunch of presentations from people within the ZAO, other people in the DeFi token space, the regen space. Anyone I can get to volunteer 30 minutes of their time, give a workshop of whatever they're good at, so I can have a full workshop of content all in one place.

I'm gonna give that out as content for July. July is gonna be an open build month. Anyone can build, anyone can submit. August is gonna be the final month. I'm gonna have eight ZAO mentors helping the eight finalists stream their final submission, and those eight people battle it out to a top winner. We're gonna have a ZABAL Games winner, and that'll be the end of August, and that person will hopefully have helped us build something that will help with ZAOstock. I'm gonna put ZAOstock, ZABAL, WaveWarZ, and the ZAO up for all the brands - I'm gonna give a prompt for people that they can use to give all the context about us.

That idea I'm trying to push out tomorrow to start getting people thinking about it, signed up for the workshops, start getting times set, make a good flow. That's a reason why ZAOstock will be re-energized over these upcoming weeks. I've been making moves, but I'm trying to really work with Iman about getting the action item tracker. We've done it for ZAO Devs, now I want to pull in everything I've done for ZAOstock, add it into ZAO Devs so it's one place that has all our places to attack things, because Iman's gonna be helping me knock out to-dos while I'm at my new job.

138 days to ZAOstock. It's 87 to DCoop's event here - August 15th is our test day. That's the suggested date, still up in the air. There's gonna be 10 weeks where we can really tap in with the AV crew that's already here. We've raised 1K, we still haven't received it, but we've gotten word from Limonae that they're working on getting the funds from these big sponsors. This is why I'm not a big fan of big sponsors - big branded sponsors are very slow with actual money. They'll commit very early, but then it comes time to actually pay out and they're like, wait a week, and then wait a week. It's very disrespectful to people you're saying are the winners of your hackathon, that you asked to come in and build things, and then it's weeks later and the organizer looks bad. That's where we're at with 1K. I definitely want to make sure we have our T-minus how-many-days different things are required, a lot more formal than normal Web3 partnerships and sponsorships are.

The zero volunteers is wrong, so I don't know where Iman's AI pulled that. We should get a number, but this is another thing I've been thinking - how do we actually showcase active volunteers every week. I think the action item tracker will help with that. I created the Luma this last week, so that's exciting. We can start sharing that out.

I had this random idea - for pro tickets. In most scenarios, if you are meeting people IRL at conferences, they have some sort of name tag. People have evolved that name tag into a digital twin, an NFC chip card that's a networking card. People can tap, it gets you right to whatever profile they want. Farcaster has done this recently where it's tapped to a Farcaster profile. It's really valuable for quick networking. I think it'd be really cool for anyone buying a ticket, whether virtual or IRL. The virtual people, maybe there's a wall of pros and supporters, and it actually has their NFC card up on the wall. People that are there get two, one on the wall, one IRL that they can walk around and give to people. That gives a way for people who supported on a smaller, more retail level to have what they're doing, who they are, presented there physically. And if we have friends and community members out there, someone like Trey live streams the wall and someone's watching it.

There's a bunch of things on the meeting agenda. I've been working on the action item tracker with Iman. The biggest thing, we created the Luma, suggestions on ways we can improve that. We're not sharing it out like crazy yet. There's no restriction on it - if anyone wants to share it, welcome to. I think there's a lot we can do to promote and push it, and I'm not set on what exactly I want to do. But ticket.zaostock.com gets you right there. The goal is to make everything URL-wise easy enough for everyone to remember so they could say it on a stream and type it in and share it. No copy paste, nothing like that. Ticket.zaostock.com.

There are some pending to-dos. Some of this stuff is not bad, Iman. Some we'll need to work on, but I gave Iman an hour to set this up and he did it really quickly. I have a draft programming. This is just not enough time for all the artists. We're gonna have 15-minute time slots and 30-minute time slots for artists, Philens. I've done uniform before and it's not the best way to do it. I want to fit in as many people as we can. I suggested the night before doing the open mic while we're doing mic checks, and I think that can be a really good opportunity to bump people in.

Maceo needs to be removed from this ops team. He's on the media and live stream. Onaji we're gonna need to add here as well. I need to make a new team for ZAO Cards. That is another thing I'm building, a part of ZAO Festivals. Canon's gonna be leading that, and he's gonna be creating some really cool cards. We have a ZABAL card already that I want to mass produce and give out to everyone that comes, with an NFC chip in it. I'm teaching him about NFC chips. The goal is to start creating our own digital twins, and maybe if he's there, teach people how he did it, educate how other entrepreneurs can use all these tools.

[Jose] Can you tell me that in Spanish? I would have to take the recording and take my voice and translate it into Spanish with AI. Don't know how good it's gonna be. That's the best I could do. One of the things I'm building is a ZAO scribe. We have the Craig bot in Discord. I'm trying to build another version of that. Instead of having to download the audio, upload the audio, transcribe it, copy and paste the transcription into my thing - I already created a skill that I can paste the transcription in. The goal is it'll just do all that. We jump in, do dash join, and anyone who's talking, any to-dos, any conversation, any history of things that got done can all be logged asynchronously without me needing to download anything, or Iman having to. All of us can pop in and know what everyone's doing all the time, with value being produced. I think we can capture some of that in history.

Someone suggested this crazy idea - instead of peer-to-peer consensus, having the AI do consensus on value that people have provided based on the feedback. It'd be cool to create an algorithm for this specific project, things people are contributing, valuing it to a one out of 10 scale, giving people X amount of points per week. Not necessarily knowing how we're gonna reward those contributions, because I eventually will definitely make a token for this.

[Jose] That reminded me of a project I saw a couple years ago - you host a fractal meeting, and this AI gathered all the information and provided a synthesis, like a think tank. I want to do a similar thing with voting. People have said AI agents for voting in DAOs is really powerful. I'm gonna build my own algorithm for that, so people can actually vote on my proposals. Creating a synthesis of their introductions, getting people more on Farcaster, capturing all their casts and their history, who they are as a human, and giving them suggested reasons why they should vote yes or no on a specific proposal, and to look deeper into specific sections. That can be valuable for when I go crazy with proposals, because I've been basically the only one voting in the DAO.

For ZAOstock, I will create a token in months from now. I might use a launchpad that I just heard about today from an old friend. I chatted with - he texted me the name of the company, but it's a month out at least.

I did have a great conversation with Sisla from Flix.Fun yesterday, and he said we got India on board, supporting. He'll come in as an advisor and get us the Indian crowd for marketing and promo. I'm having a conversation with the Devcon team today, hopefully to get them in as a partner for this event, so we can also go to India in November.

[Jose] Spanish - troubleshooting maybe a synthesis, a short basic of the 60 minutes. What I've been doing is I send a very short one or two words to everyone, and then a link to a summary of the meeting once I've tossed this through my AI meeting notes. It'll have the whole meeting if you want to parse through it, but also a synthesis of the meeting at the top. I'll send that to every individual person. That's also why only three or four people show up to these, but I'm gonna send it to 20 other people that couldn't make it. I started putting these up as a recording on my YouTube unlisted. That'll be a link in the meeting notes. It will be video and audio now. It's unlisted and it's only me, but technically it is public because it's on the GitHub. I need to make sure I say that. I'm sharing the audio so if someone wants to check the whole meeting they can.

Thank you guys for joining. I'm stoked. There's a homie here coming to Ellsworth today that I'm gonna meet up with in person, DGen. He has a house here. I met him at Solana Boston. He was the first person to ever buy the WaveWarZ token on PumpFun with a Solana seeker. Other good news on WaveWarZ - we're starting to actually put money back into the wallets. I put my ZOL co-founder amount towards the ZAO Sol wallet, so that's actually some money coming in starting this last week. Once we're at 3.5 SOL on our team wallet, anything above that is getting split out 66% to the team and 33% back to the WaveWarZ treasury wallet.

[Fellenz] Congrats. Fellenz, I would love to - I think I might come out for a weekend plus a day or two for that month thing. I'm gonna talk to their lead and say, I cannot do a month away from my house, but I would love to set up a specific content weekend to get out there. [Fellenz] It's about an hour north of San Fran. I have a buddy a little bit south of San Fran, I'll stay with him for a day or two, then stay at the place for a day or two, be there for a four-day weekend. Tell me out of those weekends, which ones work, and I'll base it around that, look at flights. If I get to SF or New York I can make completely different waves. I have people in those places - if I just scheduled it, link link link, connect connect connect. Especially if they know we're gonna do an interview, create a cool piece of content. Make the best value of if I do fly out anywhere.

Thanks, guys. Catch you guys soon. Cheers.
